
At the meeting, the team discussed the conformance report, inter-off report, and vocab progress. They reviewed report 855 and discussed Russell's workflow, which needed changes to remove references to oil and gas. They also discussed the MoTAS report and potential solutions, as well as a straightforward application process for CMA in portal license and a workflow cleanup PR. They discussed conflicting terms, restructured root terms, and introduced a term definition for workflow and traceable presentation. They also discussed commit messages, PRs, and an open PR that had been open for a month with no movement. They reviewed recently updated issues, such as whether to include statusless 2021 in the trace context, and determined that it was no longer relevant. They discussed the internationalization of GS1 credentials, the need to update the trace vocab representation of the credentials, and the need to make IDs mandatory on 10 credentials. They discussed the differences between measured values and quantitative values, and when to use each. They discussed the need for paper and fashion analog examples alongside JSON examples for business context, scripting update PR, and the need to add documents. They discussed the need to standardize HTS codes to create a resolvable way to identify the description of a code. They discussed the need to create a workflow that utilizes events instead of documents, and the potential benefits of Artificial Intelligence. Lastly, they discussed a weekly review process and the ontology of Artificial Intelligence.