 There it is. All right, well, we're not that many today, but let's go ahead. Welcome everyone. Today is Interop Week. Before we kick it off, we do seem to have a new participant. So let's just remind ourselves and Brooke to sign the contributor agreement, which is linked on the GitHub. And Brooke, if you feel like it, would you like to introduce yourself? No pressure whatsoever. You can just name it if that's what you fancy. Yeah, so I'm with BDO with the Customs and International Trade Department. And so I'm just here to learn. Beautiful. We're happy to have you here. Okay. Stop subtitles as well. All right, let's dive into. Trace Interop. One second. Let me just get organized on my screen here. Ah, sorry. More requests. Here we go. We'll look at Trace Interop. Pull requests first. And we have an update from MupMoot. That's 568. It's not here. I wonder Vivian. Well, does this, this is pretty basic? Yeah, we don't need. We don't need any introduction to 568. We have three approvals. Let's just go ahead. It's super. On controversial. Moving on. 569. Let's see. There was a bit of discussion on this. I think this was about the structure of error messages. We had previously agreed to remove structure from the error messages. And that's what this PR is implementing. Thanks, Ari. We have four approvals. Any objections to merging 569. Let's do it. 571 was erased it. And the background here was I was chatting to Chris asking if we should do something about our interrupt test, which we've been kind of not paying enough attention to in our opinion. Speaking also on behalf of Chris, I guess. So we decided to just start removing some of the stuff that we've agreed to no longer support, especially did authentication. So this simplified stuff and hopefully we can get to a greener picture on the on the interrupt test. That's the intention. There's a lot of stuff removed. It it hurt a little bit to remove all those nice. Tutorials with pictures and everything, but when we looked at how often they get run, it's like never. And yeah, it's the right thing to do. Let's see. We have three approvals. Any objections to merging. 571. Good. Let's do it. Yeah. All right. I can introduce this. So, essentially, in our. Interop repo and in our vocab repo, we have a lot of dependencies. That are on kind of verifiable credentials, be one proofs. In order to get us to support for verifiable credentials, we need to first relax. A lot of the proof specific stuff, and then we need to address multiple contexts challenge. And then I think we'll probably be ready to support V1 and V2 together. And so what I did was for this repo. And the vocab repo, I did a kind of update and cleanup and removal proof related details. And so there's a there's another PR in the vocab repo that is bigger than this one. One important thing to chat about, especially regarding the conformance tests. Here is like, I think Russell might have like another PR that's sort of related to potential changes we want to see on this. And I didn't, I tried to like not go super deep. Into the conformance test pieces regarding proof. So I suspect there will be like a lot of cleanup that would need to happen. And so I think that's the key to the conformance test. And we're going to try to get the conformance test to the point where the conformance test would apply to V2 as much as they apply to V1. But I think, you know, we should be able to chip away at it with small PRs. And that's kind of what I'm trying to do here. And I think we do have two approvals from myself and, and any objections to merging in 572. I think, you know, my main, you know, point again here is like, I think measure has done really excellent job on the conformance testing side. And, you know, we might see some breakage as we, as we trim out some of this V1 specific stuff. I hope we're all okay with that. But I want to kind of call it out because that's a thing that I could see is happening as we try and get support for V2 and we did get a green tick mug in from Chris. So I guess we'll, I would take that as sign of acceptance. And here, no objections to all emerging 572. And next is 573. But you're also mentioned Russell. Will you introduce please. Yeah, sure. So this is a straightforward PR. It is changing VC format, the VC format header to content type, which usually specifies whether it's a link data proof or JOP. Although there is some discussion, which I think needs to be resolved. Yeah, yeah. So I created VC format header when VC API didn't have any support for JOT at all. And I did it because there wasn't any way to like have the same API support the two formats that V1 verifiable credentials to find. So I take responsibility for the VC format header existing, and it shouldn't, it shouldn't exist. They accept request header and content type response header are definitely the right way to handle this. I think conformance tests should be updated to use the accept header and the content type header. And that's basically all I have to say about it. Is there, there's changes requested on this. I'm wondering what, what exactly we need to see happen here in order to get them addressed. Yeah, Chris. Okay. Yeah, I just threw in the. Right now that headers, et cetera, VCL, VCL, your audio is, yeah, available basically. Is there anything you can do to move around, get closer to the mic? Hang on, I'm working on it much better. Oh, okay. Great. So, yeah, I just thought the current A-num that was originally, or is addition had values of VC and VC JWT. And I sort of need your through this in because I thought the content type should match one of the actual content types that we're using to differentiate these. So I have a question for Chris. I don't want to talk about that. Then I apologize, but it just seemed like if we're going to update it, that might need to be done. But I certainly do think we need additional issues for the three bullet points that I called out. And I think that I mentioned as well, you know, updating the unit tests and adding some negative tests, et cetera. That all seems reasonable and I did create those issues. So I might be reading this incorrectly, but content type is currently being passed as a request parameter in the credentials. Verify piece or is it it's a it's setting the content type of the request body. That's what's happening here. The currently the content type is a header on issue and verify requests, specifying what the response should be. Yeah, that's except it should be except if you want in if you're making a network request in HTTP. And you're trying to tell the resource server what content types you will accept as the response. You use the accept header in the request. The resource server uses the content type pattern in its response. And in the case the resource server supports the content type that you're requesting, the accept header and the content type header will match. This just as a sort of elaboration. The resource server can always decide that they don't support what you're asking for. So the accept header in a network request is like what the client is asking for, but the resource server will return whatever it wants in the content type header of the network response. Got it. Thank you for the explanation. So these are these are changes that I can make and will need to be made before this is merged. Oh, although, initially, I think initially in the spec, it was the content type was. I'm sorry, no, I wasn't thinking that much. If anyone speaking, you're going to. Yes, I was moving Russell. So we'll ask you to please consider the comments and we'll revisit next time. Absolutely. Okay, moving on. I think that was that was it an intro. So we are switching over to vocab. We jump to the ad support for Jason patch and close it for sure. Yes. So let's start on a 24. We did talk about it last time. We weren't that many. We're. Well, we're not that many today, but yeah, Ari, you want to. Yeah, it's. I don't think we have any consensus to merge it. We don't have any approvals and we discussed it not being a viable path forward and I'd like to close it. And I've closed it since it's my PR. Excellent action taken. Great. Next or the first one on the list is a 17. I completely forgot about this one. I suggest skipping it since the CIA is failing. Yeah, no wonder when it's been stuck for this long. I'll revisit. I'll just make a comment for myself. Next is. 820. Who's this? I do. External contributor, first time contributor. I think related to the knocks team Francis F Kim seven is Francis from knocks. Who's requesting changes on that? I don't know. I don't think it's a good thing. I don't know what it is two weeks ago. And we took it over. Altitude weeks ago. He says that he'll use generic status list 2021. I'm not sure. He said that he's going to use it. I don't know what it is. I'm going to have to move that. I don't know if that was discussed. Nope. Let's ask for some action on this. I'm confused though, like based on what I'm seeing what they have is correct. I'm going to approve this pull request. All right. Let's ask him for. All right. I'm going to move it. Unfortunately, and move on. Vivian, you're eight 30. What next? Yeah. So this PR did a few updates in the delivery schedule. I'm adding an animation month up there, a few linked data and modify a course for our string to play subject. Good stuff. These look like great changes. Definitely. I'm going to merge it. Next one is also us. Yeah. So this one may changes in the delivery ticket where I renamed not smart tune notification of shipment because we have a few not small, many different things. So it's so to make it more self-explanable and also updated. Again, really good set of changes. I, I, you've moved away from inlining to just referencing organization. What is the thinking on that? I'm sorry. Yeah. Like, actually, I don't even know why they are inlining in the first place. I mean, these fields are exactly the same ones in the organization. Yeah. I left a comment on this part. It's possible that the carrier representation being an organization is more fields than you really want. I would recommend not using the ref to organization whenever you can in line in more a smaller set of requirements. I would generally tend to recommend in line a smaller set of requirements that are. Jason, LD compatible with the organization schema. Just it reduces the amount of potential work, someone filling in a form or entering the data model might have to do. And it, it's, you know, it might also help uptake people. Getting everything from, from one file should be simpler rather than piecing it together. Sorry. My connection just chopped for a few seconds. I probably like a few minutes. Then did I miss anything? Yeah. Yes. We explained the reason why you would want to stick with inlining mainly to narrow down how many fields are included. If you need all the fields that are defined in organization, for example, you can do this, but typically organization has more, it's a more generic class. And you would want to pick out the ones that specifically for the use case you're working on. So, so to make the Jason schema simpler is one argument. The other is to mean to keep everything within one file. So it's easier to pick up a single file that has everything rather than picking up 10 different the files and piecing it together. While our tooling does that, others might, you know, struggle to do the same. But does that apply to all the other common elements? Or does it only apply to organizations? It applies generally in any. RDF type that depends on other RDF types. If you take everything that's allowed in every RDF type dependency, you end up with like a massive tree of optional properties. And in general, it would be better for you to say it's an organization, but only the name is required here. And then you don't end up having all of the other properties for organization pulled in. When you use dollar ref, you're pulling in all of the properties of the organization schema. Is it really your intention that someone issuing a credential for an oil and gas delivery ticket should have to provide values for all of them? Yeah, maybe not. So it's just a comment on like reducing the burden for someone issuing the credential of the type you're defining. Okay. Also have a separate question. So how do we make sure that these terms are aligned? Like let's say in the in line, I have previously have a field same name, but then in the organization, we name name to LML. Yeah. How do we make sure they're all aligned? So term definitions only appear when you convert from JSNLD to RDF. And that will be one that context is applied. The context is built from each individual schema. But your instance of a data element that validates with that schema, if it has a type like type organization, that's what gives those properties, those RDF terms. So hopefully that answers the question. Yeah. Okay. So do suggest that we hold on merging this PR and I revert the in lines or do I create a. I don't have a reason to to say that. I mean, I think you can merge this PR as is and there are changes at the top of it that are excellent. And you can come back and you can re in line the organization in a smaller PR with only the fields that you want. That would be my recommendation. Yeah, sounds good. All right. So go ahead and merge. Thank you. Oh, when the next one is eight, 33 from Ben. Add product to intend to import. This is be a good one to have my mood and Mike present for. I think we can just skip it. And then for that matter. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Eight 34. Or is it cousin of the other PR that I mentioned? It's got conflicts now. I'll have to address those. In short, what this PR does is it kind of removes the proof requirement everywhere. It removes proof from visualization. And that's all important to be able to get to the point where we can support. V one and V two proofs together. So a lot of that. Most of what is changing in a 34 is internal tooling that. Isn't really necessary anymore. And. I think, yeah, it's just there's a bunch of cleanup that has to happen in order to get to the point where we can support the V two data model. This is part of that cleanup. Having removed, you know, these pieces of V one will now be in a position to apply V one and V two proofing kind of. Consistently for the whole spec, but this is kind of prerequisites, starting that work. And as I said, it's got conflicts. I'll have to address those before it can be merged. Yeah. Any objections to giving or a thumbs up on merging our band. I'll give you a comment to that effect. And. Let's move on. The 3833 is from me. This is adding a workflow for the steel, quick demo that we responsible to running. Can we get a few approvals in on this? Your white spacing is a little weird here. On the animal array lists. I usually don't see people putting the. Dash on its own line like that. It still looks nice. I get it. Is that legal? Yes. That's how you know where is it that came from. But yeah, it does work. I wonder if you can move it up. You can. You can definitely put a property name next to the dash in the animal if you like. Would it with that recognized? Yeah, of course it would. Yeah. Okay. I think it's fine as this. They all like this. But I agree. Look at another dimension. Let's see. Can we get one more approval? I really would appreciate sticking to the two approval. Although this is kind of just our thing. There we go. Thanks so much. Chris. I'll go ahead and merge. And the final one is also mine. And it is. This one that I would still embarrassed about not naming or spelling. Shall we. I'm going to go ahead and merge because it's it doesn't matter. Cool. That was it on pull requests. Let's head back to interrupt. And talk about issues. Here comes the order. One on top is from Chris. It's for 81. Perfect. This is assigned to Russell. And you do seem to have merged in five 35 on it. So should we can we consider this done? I'm I'm a fresh myself. I'm not this was. Yeah. So the PR that was merged removed the enumeration of different verification like. Boolean statuses. And I think it's I think the PR that was merged is good. The issue title says document and clarify verification result tests. And it's saying each of them need to be documented, but we decided to remove them. So I think we've basically solved the documentation problem. We only return a Boolean status regarding verified. And internally. The software system that's using that Boolean status might look at things beyond just the digital signature. Things in the category of what we would typically call validation, not just generic digital signature verification. So it seems like this issue can be closed, in my opinion. So is it well done. Next is from a new terminology. Ping him and skip it since he's not on the call. Okay. Five 33 also my mood. Adding. Change it to section four. Any well, I've moved is assigned already. One. These are all the same. Five 32. We did want to do this. There are a few more. That a mood has opened and have so the sign was just skip over. Next one down is. Four ninety six. Chris. So this, this is one of the ones where. I think, I think it's the result of ory calling some, some things in the spec that needed tickets. So this was created and it looks like Mike. Merch something that referenced this. I think this was a massive PR that Mike did that had like a million things changed and I made him file a ticket regarding things that were sort of suspicious that we need to come back to. This is one of those things I think. Yeah, it is the big PR. So it says. Yeah. It says basically traceable presentations have credentials and traceable presentations of definitions and instances. And you can't really assume anything about persistence. It's yeah, it's got some really aggressive language in there that doesn't seem to match reality. I would, I would want to clean this up. If that's language is still present in this back. Can we assign your ary. Is that what I'm hearing? No. The massive PR that added this text that's incorrect needs to. Enough after it. Happy to review though. Let's go ahead and pay Mike on this so it gets in his inbox. We're called. Next one is, because we have more of these five, a four 97. It's the same story. And we've discussed it before. I didn't know what to do about it. So we have made improvements regarding this since this was filed. We added sections to the conformance section of the vocabulary. Which I think addressed this. And if we just prefer to that, we should be able to close this issue. And what, what section is that? In trace vocab in extensions to the standard. Oh, it got. Yes. We, this is a data model issue. And. Actually, well. It's partially data model issue and partially an API issue based on what I'm reading here. But there's been changes to the vocab regarding this that have happened since. This was filed. Are we safe to close it? I think so, because basically you can't issue a revocable credential that doesn't have an ID. And. That's basically it. There you go. All right. There we go. Next on the list is five. 39. Duplicate Jason keys in the request. Yeah, this is great. This is a request for conformance test. I think. So what. Is it clear what the test should be testing? Yeah, to me. Can you elaborate? It's look at the left hand side where there's a and then right underneath it. There's a technically Jason allows for duplicate keys, but processors will like never handle that. So we have a code for the example of this and then everyone should throw 400 errors instead of 500 errors. That's pretty much it. So we are voting for his option one. Yes. Yeah. All right. Agreed. Yes. Any take us. Chris. I have a question on how we might do that. Or if you have an idea because, I mean, this means literally any of the items in. I would just pick a mandatory want like issuer or. You know, yeah, probably like issuer, for example. I would just, I don't know what you'd be, it might be hard to even let get tooling that would allow you to make such a network request. But that's what I would do. And we would be satisfied with only testing one key and not. Yes. We really can't test also. I guess it's about the parser on the other side. You're going to send Jason as a string over the wire. The thing on the other side, if it gets duplicate keys for anything, it should error. It shouldn't matter which layer of the hierarchy you have the duplicate keys at, but to make sure that it's triggering for the most important one, use issuer. Okay. Makes sense. I'll take this one. Beautiful. Oh, no. Wrong. There. Thank you, Chris. Oh, how far did we come? So 542. From Christina statement about deployment architecture. It's an old one. So she just seems to want the API to not comment on single tenant versus multi tenant. Don't don't really agree with what she's saying. Because we're this spec defines an HTTP API. It's worth commenting on whether that HTTP API is expected to be accessed by only one domain or is it supporting multiple independent security domains. It seems like the kind of thing we have to comment on. So I think we should say disagree and mark yes, can be close. Good. 543 also from her. These are questions about the did off endpoints. Well, there are questions about all of the VC API endpoints, basically. Section four, that's really neat. We need to look at the section and see what it says now. So, I want to do three doesn't exist anymore. We. That's true. Don't seem to have we do have those endpoints on all defined under section six. 613 instead, right? There's a broken image in the platform leniency section. I think section six means massive over fall at this point. We need to take it on. Just a comment, you know, we had talked about whether or not it was worth us describing anything other than the external or cross trust domain endpoints. And I think Mike per rocket said something to the effect of, yeah, it is valuable that we define some of these HTTP interfaces, even if they're consumed within the same trust domain. So that seems relevant here. I think basically the work to be done here is like, delete the section, add back only the things that we think it's really important that an implementer must understand. And for things that they don't need to understand, but that might be helpful to them, like, clearly distinguish them. I might just assign myself on it. Give it a go. That was was the, yeah, so for 544 next. We initiate the into action. Well, that was. Slides available. Question if I'm writing this, have we, I just want to make it clear. We're, we're perching everything. Slash available slash submissions, right? We are only the spec is only all off. Is that correct? That was my understanding, right? Right. And that would apply to cleaning up these sections. And if you determine that did off endpoints are something you want to document. But not test or document, but say that implementers don't need to understand. That's the kind of thing that you could do. But spec is the source of truth. And I think it's be my recommendation be to like delete everything, add O off presentations, then add issuance, then add verification. And if you don't get to issuance or verification, it's not actually a big deal. That's it. I, I'll assign myself in this also. It's the same thing. So. That will just be removing that, that part, which is outdated. How are we in time? We can do a few more. 546 Chris. This one is pending close. This was an issue where. We had a GitHub pages artifact exceeded the 10 gig max. I took a look at it, cleaned up some of the reports in line to one part. I reverse in line to bunch of CSS and this should be good to go. Just didn't want to close it without discussion. Or any objections to closing. Beautiful. Let's do it. Next one is also your course. This is fallout from changing the way that we handle scope requirements. If everyone remembers the issues we had with Microsoft, where they required certain scope names that didn't fall within our. desired requirements took it out. We created a. Environment variable so you can specify what scopes needed to be asked for for the purposes of testing, but otherwise don't. Test scopes anymore. This is just a modification of documentation and specs. So they reflect those changes and it links to the PR that that we made when we initially change this. This probably should be assigned to me. Thank you. Question. Yeah, I'm about to put the comment on the issue. I think obviously the documentation needs to be updated, but I recommend that we remove the tests regarding scopes completely. Yeah, sorry, I suppose update is a poor word. I was including delete in my update. Okay, good. Yeah, like I think, you know, we decided we don't want to test specific scope. We can, you know, it's fine to leave recommendations on a you should pick scopes and you should make sure your endpoints are secured well with them. That's all fine to say, but concretely there should be no tests associated with specific scopes in the result. Thank you, Chris. Chris, beautiful. Five 50 seems related. Yes. Actually, I think this one is specifically for tests where the previous one was documentation and spec. So we can close this, can't we? Yeah, I mean, we could close it. We could manage it as separate items. Overall, it might get a little bit large so it might be nice to review them separately. I mean, I, I'm on the gun. This guy was doing them at once. I would close both issues in the same PR. Okay. I just thought we didn't move. Remove these, but okay. Now we were just saying we hadn't and that that's the work that remains to be done. So the work remaining for the two issues we've just discussed is remove all of the tests related to them. Update all the documentation and update any guidance to be informative guidance instead of normative requirements. And once those all of that is done and all of that should be done in one PR, these two issues can be closed. Yeah. Nis, this is this is for interrupt. We did it with conformance. Right. Yes, that's that's it. That's it. Chris. Can we assign you? Yeah, I got it. Thank you. Five, oh, two. Good presentation, Eddie. I think we say you're not allowed to create multiple presentations with the same ID. I think it says that in the vocab extensions, the standards piece, which is also what Nis is pointing at. So this is one of those cases where our interrupt document keeps trying to do the vocab documents job, I think, and should just refer to the vocab document to a specific anchor. Probably. That seems to match up with the last two comments, I think, right? Yeah. Chris, are you still cool to hold this one? I am happy to do this. If no one else is interested in jumping in, it may be a bit before I can get to it. That's fair. Thank you. I like to assign this this one. Yeah. That's all right. I'm this is important because it impacts the way graphs are built and it's going to. It just needs to be handled in a shorter timeframe in my opinion. I'll pick it up. Cool. We have three minutes left. That's three minutes for doing minutes minutes. Any takers on that? Yeah, I can do minutes. Excellent. Thank you, Russell. Beautiful. Cheers, Russell. And with that, thanks for joining. I will not see you next time. I'll see you in a few weeks. I'm hitting out on vacation. But yeah, have a nice summer and see you. See you soon. Cheers. Bye everyone. Thank you. Thank you.