 Oh, excellent. Everybody here has signed an IPR note, so I don't think we need to go through that disclaimer again. Do you know what we could as if it's trace and trap or trace vocab? I threw in the chat. It's vocab and there's a lot to the standing agenda that has all the links. For all of us. Yes. Excellent. All right, so let's get started with the vocab. Formless, please. I think we should make it a we should review our interoperability test results. Or at least I think we should review today, maybe not every week, but we all seem to fail have a failure on the interrupt. So why don't we kind of just agree that we need to figure that solve that out? Yeah. To give some context here are the interrupt test results. Chris is a Chris and I worked on it recently and it. It became very nice and green, but now it's no longer quite as good. Yeah. So I'm looking so because I worked on our and a bit recently as well. And I got it to work better. Like it's the same thing failing all over the place. So it is probably something I think it's the present. So presentation seems to be failing everywhere. Maybe yes. Yeah. But also some other ones are failing. It's the workflow collection. Let's feel maybe this was a little maybe I should have looked into it before bringing it up, but I thought still I just wanted to highlight it and maybe we know it's a good call out. There's that doesn't affect the conformance in any way, doesn't it? No, so conformance to give some more contact. This is a link to the conformance suite. I think on our end because I worked quite a bit on this, the biggest ones were validation on credential subject ID that I just didn't get around to and the credential issue or being an object or a string. I know that was a big thing that I just. Didn't get around to fixing. But I think it formats looks fine. Yeah, I do. So maybe what we need to look at is interrupt and really. Figure out what's going on here. Yeah. Okay, I don't know how much we can do on a call like this, but I think this is just something that we do need to, you know, yeah, I can try and import it and run it and see if I can figure it out. I'm going to run it. Yeah, I mean, locally and maybe we can come back to dinner. Yeah, I'm right. The provider and test summary appears to be the most useful thing to look at on this page right now. Transmit and measure are dragging it down. Which is very weird because I think last week this was very different. That's why it's so. I think it's zero. We can do the historical view of anybody wants and looking at historical looking last week. Yeah, there's yeah, I think this is just a change in since we added the credential or the workflow and points. So I would start there maybe this and then sure. Yeah, that is clearly what failing for all of this. Yeah, okay. Question here. I don't know who never built this pages on the call. I mean, we've all kind of built it, but it's all based on what's up. I would like to call one more column on that summary, which is the overall. Right, it's currently per per. I guess per provider. Yeah. Okay, we're still breaking this down by company instead of by product, which is still troublesome. So, so you mean on the provider and test summary test type just one, maybe net transient measure overall. Is that what I'm looking for? What I'm looking for on the test type line. Yes, which isn't test type line, right? It's the provider line. I want an overall the average. Yeah, there and the other thing is some days. That provider, sorry, there's one at the top. If you look at the overall, the big summary at the top, there's a crossover by the average of tests is 56.5. You're looking for credential issue average is blow credential notification average is blow, right? I see the one liner. Yeah. Right. What I'm looking for. So, I'm looking for it. So credentials issue in this sub table. We've got 100, 100, 28, 28. I want to know the overall average because that's a good for a good. And the other thing is some day, somehow we have to stop talking about companies and start talking about. The actual offering that is that is in play because bigger companies are going to have multiple implementations in multiple divisions. And they're going to have products that need to be tested as opposed to, I mean, Microsoft is not a useful entry here. Always two issues on that. So. So basically, the issues are interrupt summary page improvements. And it's one, add a column to the provider, somebody that gives us overall. Yep. Provider summary for overall. And then number two is use product offering. That of company names, and I agree with both. Right. Okay. I have created that. And then figuring out what changed between last week and now, I think it's probably more than workflow given. Yeah. Significant change. But maybe it's just because that's solo for everybody. Yeah. The two horror columns. Okay. All right. Anything else anybody wants to raise before we move on to PR. Awesome. Let us go to PR review then. First thing is the trace forecast and this is our standing link. Okay. I'm sorry. Go ahead. I think we have a client scope. The client scope was added. Was added a environment variable. And I, I'm guessing that's not defined in our secret. That suddenly immediately failing locally here. Okay. Might that be it? Probably. Because I think what's going on is you guys are passing all the fail tests, which, you know, that makes sense. But you're not passing into the past us. So, and that's both on your end and I believe I did something on our end when you did that to fix it last week. So that's probably what's going on here. And that's just the scope. I think we added we merged that in last week, a PR right on scopes or the week before. Let me try and find it. I mean, we can figure it out offline, but then picture that you're right. I think that makes a lot of sense. Okay. So it's probably something that needs to be updated to the read me and update to environment variables to add scopes for the companies that don't have it that need it. Okay. So are we good to go through the trees for come or is there anything else anyone's to bring up? Awesome. Okay. So going by the least recently updated order. I believe this is the first PR, which is miscellaneous schema property cleanup. This is by Ross. Do you want to order through it? Yeah. I've been working on creating some fake data for trade in the process. I have come across a lot of troublesome definitions, descriptions or terms and descriptions and stuff. So this just addresses a few miscellaneous things. Like one thing should be a Boolean, not a string. There's a few paces where it looks like somebody copy pasted properties, but didn't actually change the definitions of the terms. So just errors mostly. Okay. There was a comment from Ted about some grammar improvements that I don't believe was merged in. Would you be able to take a look at that and can we get one more review, please? Oh, um, the let's see. Were those the grammar? Yeah, those were to do with workflows, which I didn't touch, but there was a big resulting change after my PR. I think, I think when I built this, it, it implemented, um, it changed a lot of stuff in to do with the workflow change that had already gone through previously. So I don't think it's my job to fix those. That's fair. And I think there's another PR that I mentioned in this conversation, I think, where that also shows very similar. Things and I think those also buy you. So I'm very confused about what's going on with the workflows. Yeah, I think I did investigate it in the other PR. Let me just read what I. So the other PR is 842 for reference. Yeah, that's correct. Yeah, it looks like somebody. There is there's a big change in workflows removing SCIP steel tech demo, replacing it with CBP steel tech demo. In the past 2023, the schemas were changed, like two weeks ago, but for some reason, workflows that HTML was not updated. And I guess, yeah, when I ran npm run build, it did update the HTML based on this changes from two weeks ago. Okay. I think those changes should be included in this PR just because. As far as I can tell, those are intended changes, but please. I think this is a question, I guess, to the transmute team, because this does affect the steel demo, right? Can anyone there take a look and just let us know what's going on here? Yeah, I'll look. Give me a second. Thank you. Okay. While this is taking a look, we can keep going and go through more stuff. There was the ad credential status to bank account credential. This was something that I was blocking a while ago that I accepted the changes soon. I think it is ready to be included. Sorry, I forgot to live in. This is PR number eight to 20. And I think it has two approvals. Anyone have anything they would like to? Can I get one more approval and anyone have anything they want to bring up about it? I don't know. I think when we go through PRs, the usual order is the first submitted so that there isn't, it is at the case to do conflicts. I believe so. Rather than the least recently updated. If so, that's a change I wasn't aware of. I don't know if it was possible to be updated. And it should go into the last period of it. Yeah. Ted, are you saying that we should be doing least recently updated? Or we should be doing the least recently created. I thought we were doing least recently updated, but I don't have a horse in the trace. There's nothing that is stale and we never go through. Right? And we don't get going over the same thing. A constant turn on issues. Yeah. But it does make sense to do the... Moldist. Fair enough. So I'm going to sort again by oldest and I'll put in the new sorting in chat. So that means the PR we need to review is 817 by NIS, which updates turn definitions for workflows. Yeah. We've had that around for a while. I just permitted Ories changes earlier today. So I think it should be okay now. Awesome. And this has approval. Can I get one more approval? I don't know if Ories had an approval or just comments. Now I just had comments. Can I get one more approval please on this? It should be good. Excellent. Thank you. This has been merged. Next up is the PR we just were talking about, which is add connection status to bank account control. Ories has approved it. I've approved it. And we've gone through and the changes have been accepted. Anyone have any problems merging this in? This is PR 820. Merged. Next up, PR841, which fixes the entry number example, missing some fields. So this is 841. The organization, I think, had things defined up above, but where they were not included actually in the physical example of the, that we're using the ammo. Right. So this looks very straightforward. The only kind of sort of question I have is about address country. I think we said country should be the two letter, but I don't know. I think we should be the two. Yeah. That's one of the. And what I'm going to do is we can just merge this out of band. Okay. If that's okay with everyone, we can keep going. Next up is consolidate transport and shipping stop. This is PR number 842 by Russell. Yeah. That's the one below. I'm sorry. Oh, and this is, yeah, this is the other, the, the one that changes workflow. As a, as a side effect. Yeah. And, and I think you just. The HTML could generate it on your side and then that's why it's coming through like this, but it. Yeah. Yeah. And this, this just consolidates to very similar schemas. It looks like. Shipping stop. One of them is used by ita air stuff. I think that's transport and shipping stop was used by mostly by references to vessel, but they have almost entirely the same field. So I just tried to make. Transport. Yeah, I just tried to make transport the, the go to. Okay. I think what we need to do with that. Workflows thing is we need to create its own separate issue because Ted's comments are valid and if this is auto generated. I'm pretty sure this is happening somewhere else and it's going to be coming back up. So this Russell, do you mind just creating an issue for this? Just for Ted's comment on grammar so we can go back and update it on separate PR. An issue just for the grammar thing. Yeah, because that's coming from the workflow, like the actual workflow definition and all that will need is just taking the exact same string and putting it in the workflow definition you're done, right? Okay. That way it doesn't keep popping up everywhere else. Yeah. And this has approvals, so I'm going to merge this in as is and then if you could create that issue, that would be wonderful. Sure. Okay, done. That is. That was PR 842. Next up is 843, which is the one that we just reviewed. And I think we this is the one that does the product product price thing that you said we're cleaning up, right? We do have two reviews on it. Are there any objections to merging PR 843 in? Oh, sorry. Excellent. Hearing no objections, I'm going to go ahead and merge 843. Next up is 844, which adds 10 to the multi-stirport. This is a super big PR. Can you walk us through it? Yes, please. Yes. I came across a mil test report that also included Tim. So adding adding that and or he raises a good point. We should get the chemical compounds should resolve. So I just made an issue that now. Awesome. Do the other chemical compounds resolve or is it just 10 that doesn't resolve? I don't think so. Because I might just, you know, be a bigger issue and I think the fix for that would be the same for all of them. Right. Yeah, no, it only goes to trace vocab. It doesn't go to anything specific. Okay. So if you don't mind updating the issue with that's what the issue is. That's what the issue is. Okay. In that case, I think that makes sense. We have two approvals. Anyone have any problems merging 844 in? Excellent. I am going to go ahead and merge 844. I believe that leaves us with the oil and gas advance manifest. That's 845. So what this does is it modifies the sum of schedule deliveries to be an array rather than a single string. Talking to customers and they basically said they need both the cubic meter and the barrel quantities in an advance manifest. And so they just requested an array of both. So this is what that PR does. And Ted had an excellent catch on the spelling of it. And I think that is actually fine up above. It's just a mistake in the example itself. And I am going to go ahead and commit that. And I've already had a point about pointing to schema.org rather than trace ability quantity of value. I think that's also valid. And I'm going to go ahead and commit that. And the last thing which I didn't put in as a tender quest. This PR uses OG which I'm pretty sure we decided was oil and gas. And I don't know how that should be expanded or where or if it's just. I think that's the PR name. Because there's not effect at all the actual underlying. The thing isn't even called an oil and gas monthly advance manifest. It's just called a monthly advance manifest. It just so happens to be used by. Sorry. It comes from someplace that being oil and gas if we're going to say OG advance manifest rather we should say oil and gas. That's just a PR name. That's not. But it's a question of looking back at things. Okay, I can modify the PR name I think. Yeah, I can oil and gas advance manifest done. Excellent. Anything else? So this is PR 845. We have two approvals. Does anyone have any objections to merging 845? Awesome. I'm going to go ahead and merge that in. I believe that is all the PR's that we have for traceability vocab. So let's go to trace and drop. A trace and drop side. Soering by oldest. We have documents update docs with regard to all scope changes. Chris, do you mind walking us through this? Sure. Can you guys hear me? Okay. So metallic, but yes. I'm sorry. I'll try to move close to my mic. This was just some documentation updates related to that scope change. Yeah, to the scope change that we just discussed that broke all of our testing. Looks like we got some change requests from all of you that I have not seen yet. But yeah, this is strictly documentation updates. Is the client scope optional? Client scope is optional. So the reason that we have a problem actually just let this up. None of our tests are passing a value for the client scope, even if it is provided in the secrets. So we need to modify them so they either pass the secret value that is provided by the implementation or an empty string. Or we have to pass the value there. Okay. Would you, so I think already had a change request on just the explanation of what the client scope is, but I would like to add to that to just include that it is optional somewhere in that. Just to make sure anybody who's used that, if they do not wish to. Okay. Can you suggest working for that? It says, you know, if your service provider requires that you name specific scopes that should be included, you should provide a value for this. Yeah. Or is change request removes that sentence. So that's why I'm trying to say that I would like some way to indicate that it is optional. Oh, I see. Yeah. I was looking at this first one. Apologies. Okay. Great. I can change that. And if you guys want, we can merge it offline after I make that speech. I think that's fair enough. So, so just a quick comment. It sounds like potentially there's a lot of work being done to maintain for this optional parameter. I'm wondering, can we just remove it? If no one's making use of the optional parameter, why, why would maintain it at all? We have to have it. Otherwise, people who use Azure, a G can't use can't can't participate at all. Right. But I guess what I'm saying is like make supporting them the default case and then remove any of the other optional details. Like why it seems like we don't need to maintain this particular code. Test week because it's not actually achieving interoperability and people are. Turn it like unless. So I guess the other way of saying what I'm saying is like, is anyone getting value out of the tests that all are currently only excluding Azure. Because if no one's getting value out of it, let's just remove them. We already removed them. That's why we're changing the documentation. That's why this client scope variable exists because we no longer do any of those tests that make sure you're passing the right scopes. Now we just assume that you have the right scopes and if you need to specify wonky names for the scopes, that's what this variable is for. I see. Azure AD will work unless you specify specific scopes like you can't just omit that from. Yeah, that's a good question. Yep, makes sense. Awesome. What I'm going to do is I'm going to add a comment saying please address the CR and merge out of offline. Is that work for everyone? And maybe Chris, you could ask or you take a review again after you've made the changes. Yeah, absolutely. So that's PR number 580. Next up is PR number 581 and this was on the right. Ory. You want to walk us through it please? This is the one that just like removes the deprecated sweets that we're not using, right? Yes. Yeah. So pretty straightforward and what it does. It also refers to the media type, which potentially could change, but it's better to refer to that media type than it is to refer to it. Sweet that no one is using. On that note, I've seen some changes where people are using JSON Web Key and before using JSON Web Key 2020. Where is the exact definition of that? Is that in the JWC JAW spec? Now it's currently in the C data integrity. There's an open pull request that defines Jason Web Key, the RDF class that relies on JWK is as a key serialization. And JSON Web Key 2020 is defined currently nowhere really, right? Yeah, it's never been defined anywhere. Okay. On our side internally, do we expect to continue supporting JSON Web Key 2020? Or do we want to just say we will support JSON Web Key? I would do just JSON Web Key and I would cite the data integrity context definitions when you care to do RDF data set processing. This all applies to the context for the DID document as opposed to the context for a credential. Yeah. Well, my point is that your PR just adds JSON Web Key and doesn't remove JSON Web Key 2020. And I think if we're already saying we're going to reference the data integrity one, might as well just remove that end and, you know, get it all done in one go, right? I mean, I would merge the pull request as is. Yeah. I would update other things as this PR that I just linked lands once one 37 lands, we might make further updates, but I mean, incremental improvement seems worth it. You can get it. It does. Okay. So that's how I'm 81. It's pretty straightforward. We have two approvals and we have all comments resolved. I'm going to go ahead and merge it in. Last one today is. Up it's order for PR is in meetings.md. And I think this is just something that opened right now and just makes it oldest. Correct. That is correct. Excellent. And just give me a second to test that out. Awesome. That works. Going to go ahead and add my review. And I think we have enough reviews on it. Cool. Well, it's 206. I believe we have trace vocab processing today. Before we do that, does anybody have anything they want to bring up? Awesome. Any issues that anybody wants to bubble up ahead of anything else? Let's go with the default order that we go with, which I have just linked. So next up is conflation of identifier use class traceability identifier. This is 571. This was assigned to me. I remember this. This is basically we need to update the terms on. And then I just didn't get around to it. It's a very fair criticism and should be addressed. I'll just say. Does anyone have any questions about this or any more context on this? This is just basically within the same class we're defining two things using the same term. And so there's a conflation of terms. And that should not happen. Okay. Next up is 593, which is date string should use date time. Ben raised this has been on the call today. Ben, do you mind walking us through it? I just joined. Let me put the link. I think it's just a. This is my issue of type string and then add format. Date time to make sure that it's a specific form of the time for the format. Okay. And is that just for this one CT. I think it's using it more consistently across, but I think I don't. I don't think it's a good idea. Have like a blanket fix all the things issue. Yeah. So maybe we could scale this to make sure date for top level credentials. Uses date time or something like that. So I think this is also one of those things where it's a good call out to make sure everybody goes through their credentials and double checks date versus date time for themselves. Would you mind creating separate issues or I don't know how we normally do this, but I think a good practice would be just creating a list. What separate issues and say per stream please go through it and assign the stream needs. Or do you think that's. Or I think that since this is a sign or apply consistently across all credentials, I think this is just a quick look through. You know, the credentials that we have to a quick find in that specific folder and then just do a PR that applies to all of them at once. So, well, my point is some of them are actually to Ted's point. They're not date times. Sorry. They're actually just dates. Right. I mean, in the case of like valid from or valid until like the top level of credential part that's consistent, I think it can be applied to that. Otherwise, otherwise, yeah, Ted's point is completely valid. There are places where it would be date and there are different places or be date time. So I would just say that this is only for the top level credential values for the places that are added as the issue action item. So action item update top level credentials to use date time where relevant do not update individual. What do we call them stream credentials? Yeah, don't worry about the credential subject. Excellent. All right. Nice. I signed myself to this. So I can do a passive where that applies, put a PR and then hopefully close this out because whenever I did this, I didn't do a very good job of defining the scope. I'm out of the ready for a PR label. This looks pretty good to go. Anything else you want to bring up on this? No, I think that's it. Excellent. Next up is 594, which is a metallurgy test vocabulary. This is Nis. Would you mind going through it? Yeah. There are the different kinds of tests are defined. But yeah, so it would, it would, we could be more precise than just a string that defines what is the, what is the standard that defines the test being carried out on a military reflected on a mill test. So it's because I've, I came across those various standards and I thought that that would be the right way to express the content of the mill test. I haven't, I haven't worked anything anymore on it since then. So I'm not, I couldn't be more specific about how to do that precisely. Would you mind, so what's the next steps on this? Is it go through these standards and seeing does it make sense here? What's, what's the actual item? We're not even actually, I did that on the second. Yeah, let me, it's good to just on me and let's, let's come back to it. I wasn't really prepared to answer this. So, okay. So just, just to clarify, do you think your second comment is the action item, which is a suggested switch to as the vocab for these terms? Yeah, yes. Okay. That makes sense. Are these all, so when you say these are by this PDF document, RDF, does that mean that I can't actually get to. I think they result. Correct. They do resolve. Okay. No mind. Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. All right. Does anyone know if any, like, IP issues or anything like that, if we use ISO standards in our vocab terms? Or should this be fine or anyone have any insight there? As long as the things resolve to people who haven't bought into ISO. Yeah. Plus one. Yeah. So it resolved, so I'm not logged in anything. I so I can see it. So I'm guessing we should be good. Okay. Thank you, NUS. Next up is the final max size limit for Jason L. B. V. C's. This is. Number three hundred and seventy nine, or he says there must be some sort of recommendation that format. I said probably should be in trace and drop. Or you think it's a format issue. Sorry. Yeah, I just followed the link from percentage elongation. And it does work, but it's the wrong link. It should go to percentage elongation, not to elongation. Three dot four and not three dot three. I see. Yeah, that's fair. Okay. But I think regardless, he's going to have to go through all of them anyway to update it. Right. So I'll make sure to note that. All right. I have added that. Oh, and for whatever reason, I didn't escape it. Give me a second. Sorry. Yeah, just the random downvote. So sorry, back to size limit for Jason L. D. V. C's. This is three hundred and seventy nine. This is basically about. If you want to store these. D. C's in Mongo, there's an upper limit per document, which is 16 megabyte. Does anyone know where we ended up on this? Or Ian, Mike, this customer call suggested. Guidance, especially in light of possibly already have kind of causation. Does anyone have any comments here or you do know where we are exactly on this issue? Where are you, Jack? Oh, fair enough. Okay. Does anyone else? Does anyone else know what's going on here? This is this is really problematic. We're taking one product's limitation, arbitrary limitation. That is significantly smaller than file size limits on any operating system. And saying this tiny thing is the most you can have for a JSNL D document. Or a JSN document because that's the most that long ago can deal with. That's not acceptable to me. It's, I think it's more around like the amount of time it takes for signing. Like if you have like a one megabyte JSNL E file, it's going to take like one minute to sign and like could even time out on like an I seven with 32 gigabytes of memory. Like it's JSNL, the canonicalization operation before signing is extremely expensive. And there is like a practical small limit that you would expect to see just as a practical terms of what can actually be computed. Okay, that's a different argument than Mongo has this limit. I would like to see those explicit bits put into. There's a last two links. If you look at the last two links in always comment, they are a comparison of how many like basically it's blank notes to signing duration and it just goes up. Right. And I think that's the underlying problem. Okay. So, right. So this should be documented in the thing that says there's a practical limit here and this is why. Yeah, because this is a thing that will change right. We've all experienced Moore's law a lot. Yes. No, come on man. 256 megabytes is good in the front. Hey, no. Okay. I think an underlying thing though is that is Chris's point about we are moving away from our data of conicalization maybe as a hard requirement. So if that drops, maybe we don't care anyway, right. So I am in favor personally of a PR that says what Ted says about make as small as possible. I think what it should be is a section that says, please make it as small as possible. This vocabulary expects it to be smaller than and then we whatever it is, right. With and then a link to reasons why I think that's probably the best way to go about this. I don't know. I think this is a case of if you see somebody out in the wild doing a 16th carbide. Or whatever it is, like credential, you just point them to this section and tell them, please don't do that. Is that a fair enough solution? Maybe. I mean, I think there's there's a practical limit on what concurrently the computer than that could be updated depending on like if conning computer, I mean kind of the touch point like if corn corn computing. You know, let's see, do it in half a second instead of like 20 minutes and that's, you know, that's a technical dependency. And then also, I think, you know, to Chris's point, if we move away from Jason, all the end economicization, it's just hashing the bytes and signing the bytes, which would make it a faster operation. So I think we need some kind of language to kind of describe what the current landscape is for what hash is big, you know, what operation is being applied and what current hardware limits are. So worth noting that this is a sort of implementation or sorry, deployment trade off. Yeah, for whatever your use case is, it might be the 24 hours to do this thing is worthwhile. Yeah. We're saying, right, I don't think we're saying a hard no. I think we're saying, here's guidance, please follow the guidance. And if you choose to not process something that uses this vocabulary because it's huge. I think that's a trace interrupt question where you can just say, Hey, I just refuse to process something that's going to, you know, lock up my machine for a day. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think part of the use case we're thinking around is like transactions, if we need to have, you know, hundreds of transactions per second or per minute, then, you know, the smaller, the better. You know, I'm not going to detract from you, but maybe, yeah, the test point, if you really, if you have a computer with like, you know, if you have a data center with, you know, 300 CPUs and, you know, three terabytes of memory and you want to spend a day signing something with, you know, go ahead. When you sign that trillion Bitcoin. Yeah. Okay. So. Any action items on. Right now this max size limit for just an old DVCs. I put a comment at the end saying what we're looking for really is a section that has guidance that says, please. Go as most possible because of blah, blah, blah. And here's best practices and try and do this. Is that a fair action item for us to make this ready for PR. I think that sounds good to me. Ted. I think what here is fine to make it ready for PR. Excellent. Anyone willing to volunteer themselves. For this. Come on guys. Okay. So, I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. I think what's here is fine to make it ready for PR. Excellent. Anyone willing to volunteer themselves. For this. Come on guys. All right. I'll volunteer myself. So that is PR number 379. It's 223. I think we can probably do one more. Nis, I think you closed. Oh, you just. Yeah, I just close them. Yeah. So that's 796. Just looking up. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. If we only have time for one more, I just have a quick PR that may fix the interrupt testing issue that we were talking about earlier. Go for it. My pissing didn't mid-chat. It's 585. 585, which is a scope. It adds it. What happens if client scope was empty? Like if the actor does not provide a client scope. That's the part that I'm not 100% sure on. I can't actually run this test until we've merged it in. Okay. Okay. That's one I'm merging it in. Yeah, I'm having a merger then at least we can see a big. There's in many ways. If you embrace everything, I'm happy to continue working on it today until it doesn't. Yeah, I think that's a very fair. We won't break anymore. Yeah. Okay. I think that makes sense to me. One thing that might actually make it work better is in the place where we send out the request for the client scope. Sorry for the off. Is it the peer request? I can't remember where exactly it is in the postman. You could just put an if statement on if client scope is present and then just send their other object, right? And that might just, you know, fix it for both people. But if we don't pass the variable in the first place, we can't make use of it. Yeah. No, I'm saying this PR definitely needs to go through. But as a follow up, if this does end up breaking it for a bunch for other things, I think that would be a really good way to just avoid the break. Yeah, sure. Okay. I think we have enough approvals and I'm going to go ahead and merge that in. Okay. Chris, do you mind if you keep an eye on this and just update us? Yeah. I'll trigger a run right after this call and give an eyeball on it. Excellent. Well, I guess we're at 225. I think we can give everybody their time back. I'm happy to upload the minutes and the audio. Thank you all. It's nice to have everybody back on the call and we'll talk soon. Thanks, Mamoo. See you. Bye everyone. Bye. Yeah, see you.