 Okay, and then we have the recording icon. Okay. All right. I guess let's go ahead and kick off the meeting. We have the, I have seen notes, but it looks like everyone is here. So everyone can contribute. And can someone tell me what week is are we starting with trace vocab or we start with trace interrupt. All right. All right. All right. Starting with pull request and going from oldest to newest. So we will start with. Turn definitions for workflows. This is from this. I assume that was done on the call last week. There are a few suggestions. There's a change request and this needs to revisit it and this is not here. I think just leave a comment on the PR saying at nest to review and move on. Right. I made a comment and we'll go to. Thank you, car credential for what's a 20. So this is from. I'll do all the lobby. Replication examples. My moon made a few comments. Or I made a few comments. We provide some people are. Kim replies will. Come back and address. Five days ago. So. Let's see. Have they made any changes since we've lost review. It doesn't seem like there's been any changes since the last change request. Conversation happened. So I just left a comment asking what work remains in order to approve the changes. Okay. Sounds good. Over quest. This is mine. I moved it to a draft in terms of our work. Those definitions were working with. Intensive important. I think we're our plan is to leave as is as we provide a purchase order. Along with the intent to import. So the idea is the source of truth for the products who come from. The purchase order and intent import would be doubling that information. So. I'm going to leave it in draft. And then once we can from that, turn the, um, I will probably go hang closest to. Without merging. I would suggest just closing it right now. If you don't intend to address the merge conflict. I would suggest closing it right now. If you don't intend to address the merge conflict. I would suggest closing it right now. If you don't intend to. Address the merge conflict and you don't intend to merge it. All right. Then closing now. And if something happens. Well, probably not likely to reopen. Okay. Which brings us to a three eight. Also just in lining. Which is from this. Okay. So. I'm going to go ahead and. I'm going to go ahead and. I'm going to go ahead and. I'm going to go ahead and. I'm going to go ahead and. I'm going to go ahead and. Which is from this. Um. Fix this in line of postal address removed description of parties. One file has been changed, which is bill of late and credential. And instead of referring to postal address, uh, he referred first to it in the. Um, file directly. Um, this looks good to me. I'll go ahead and prove it. And get help just crashed. Okay. Uh, we have three approvals. I will go ahead and merge. Four requests, eight three. And then the last four requests is. Uh, fixed syntax error of four requests, 840. Uh, this was opened by me a couple hours ago. It's a very small fix. Uh, the indentation on entry number was wrong. And this was causing. Uh, the schema to not parse correctly. So if. You can get one more Google. Oh, go ahead and merge this. Not I will. Switch over to trace interrupt and we can come back and look at these. Oh, thank you, Chris. Merging. 40. All right. That is it for trace vocab in terms of four requests. And then switch over to. Interrupt. For requests. And we can do four requests. At seven three. And this is from Russell. Yeah. There were a few changes requested. Um, I made those changes a very short time ago. So I think this should be good to go mostly changing content type to accept, which is a lot more appropriate. And, um, the specific. And room that already suggested. Chris, you have a chance to ninja review this. Seems like he got all of the change requests. Yeah, it looks, looks good to me. I just approved. Nice. Yep, we can hear you. All right. We have two rules. I'll go ahead and merge. I 73 trace. Next pull request is. Five 78 from Chris. So this one is fixing a. A conformance. I think maybe an interrupt test that. Miss wrote he was simply missing one of the variables. For client audience in the postman test. And it wasn't, it wasn't working for some of the. Go heart members. So I added it in. Right. That's good. Got two approvals. Merging five seven. Next one is five 79, probably also from Chris. Yes. So this one is finishing up the changes from four, five, seven, where we removed scope, specific scopes from, from the interops and. Performance suites. This particular change is to modify the actual tests in the interops. We. And merging. This is not a reason to object, but I do see the difference between verifier client scope and client scope here. And given the changes we've made regarding scopes, do we need that distinction anymore? We may not need that distinction. I don't know the answer to that, but we are using verifier client ID and verifier. I think endpoint can't remember exactly the term. So if we want to change it, we should change it in all three of those places. Okay. I think it's probably better to handle on a separate issue. I'm just, that's the only thing that stands out of that PR. Yeah, I agree. That should definitely be a separate issue. If you want to change that. And then last for, so this today is five 80. So this is a bit more of the same. The final PR in the suite of PR is that fixes four, five, seven, and this monofies all the documentation that still contains the references to our specific scopes. Or I'm only just now seeing your change request. I have not had a chance to get into that. Yeah, I looked at this earlier. I think the only issue that I have is with the changes you made to the respect document. There's this repeated language around a wathoscope. So I feel like we should just clarify that repeated language once in the respect and then omit that repeated language in the read me documentation. And that's why I requested changes, but it's really just that one comment. Yeah, I mean, I'm happy to do that. And you know, submit the changes because there are a number of places where this language exists, not just those two. I think. I think there's three or four, but if I can do that and commit those changes, maybe we can merge this offline before the next meeting. Yeah, I think that'd be fine. I mean, you could also merge it as is and file an issue marker and respect, but I think we probably want to avoid doing that because we'll never get back to it. Yeah, I'd rather just leave this one open and fix it. All right, great. So we're on trace vocab. Wait, so I guess the next agenda item would be to go to trace vocab and look at issues by these recently updated. Before we do that, are there any. We should do interrupt PRs first before we do any issues. I guess there's only one interrupt PR open. We just did it up. I'm done. Go ahead. That's fine. All right, we can do trace vocab issues. Before we jump into it, is there any action items? Anyone wants to bring up any issues that we want to highlight first? Are we okay with just going in? At least recently updated order. We might want to. Prioritize grooming any issues regarding media types up front because we just merge that pull request. That makes use of these new media types and I suspect we have like probably a pile of issues that predate. The current positioning around media types in the verifiable credentials working group. So I don't know if we can search through this list for anything regarding. Add support for JWT or use media types, but issues like that. We should we should start trying to address them first if we can. Okay, on trace vocab I did a search for justice for media and I'm not getting any. Results. Back. Yeah, maybe it's probably less of an issue for the vocab than it is for the. Interop profile, I would imagine. All right. Let's look at interrupt and let's look at issues and let's search by media. It looks like there is. One which is remove references to Jason left signature 2020. Where is it? We may have done that already. Can we confirm that that's done in this repo. We'll see on the issue. There is no mentions of over quests or that just has been addressed. Yeah, it's still present in these places on the repo. But this is exactly the kind of thing that's related to media types too, because you can see. That. In the use case requirement section, it's talking about. Jason was signature 2020 and BC JWT, but VC JWT is super ambiguous and it would be better to refer to the specific media types. All right. All right. Are there any issue that you want to specify reference in terms of media types or do we want to create an issue if it doesn't exist. Well, I don't want to create any new issues. If we don't happen, I'm just hoping that we could leave comments on the ones we already have open. I'll say the only two of like there are even remotely allowed JWT in credits was verify our support for SD JWT. I don't see a general media type. Yeah, that that whatever issue you're referring to there, those sound like good ones to go to next. This is allowed to be tea and credentials verify. This is issue. 453 on trace interrupt. It looks like Chris. This is. Issue you created. I'm taking a look. So, yeah, I think this. Right now our. Implementation expects the body of a request to credentials verify to be. An actual credential. And not a JSON like an encoded JSON. Representation JWT representation. Sorry. My words are failing me today. So I don't know if this is still a problem. I do recall Russell. Aren't we able to verify. The JWT. Creds right now. I thought I remember testing some of your implementation and that was working. Perhaps we just need to document that in the open API spec. Is Russell on the phone? I don't. I don't see his circle. Oh, he just texted. He texted me his power died. Something exploded. House. Interesting. Okay. Yeah, I think this is probably modifying the open API to account for the possibility that we may not get a. Straight JSON body. Yeah, I think this is a little bit more. Yeah, this is critical to address the OAS file needs to describe the body requirements. And then the body requirements need to support the acceptable media types. So, I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. Can we make use of the content type here? Yeah. So I mean, my expectation would be. If you're looking at the verify endpoint. If it's dedicating the entire post body to a well formed serialization, then you would say the content type of this post body is this well formed serialization. If it's nesting, you can't do that. Like you can't say an object that contains a verifiable credential is the same content type as a verifiable credential. I think my preference would be dedicate the entire body of the network request to the known content types we intend to support and then signal that you're sending that content type by setting that content type in the network request. Got it. I see what you're saying. That makes sense. That is a deviation from the VC data model, right? It's not a deviation from the VC data model. It is a deviation from the VC API. Jason schema shape for this particular endpoint. And do we have any concerns in that area? I think it's cleaner to do what we're suggesting, but. If I were to raise a concern, it would be that you really needed to make use of some optional parameters that you send along with the credential. And you don't want to pass those optional parameters as query string arguments or as headers. And then like if that's if that if you have that concern, then you would say the VC API is design is better. If you prefer to send those other optional parameters as query string or header parameters, then the proposed path that I just gave would be better. Okay. Making a note. I'm sorry, and you said you you prefer not to use headers in this case. I would prefer to dedicate the network request body to the requested registered media types. So the entire body should be application VC plus LD plus Jason or VC plus LD plus JWT. That would be my recommendation. Okay. Because it just it makes it so that your API is actually over the known registered media types instead of over wrappers around them that you always have to keep describing as being not the media types that you're talking about. Okay. So this one is already assigned to me and I'm happy to prioritize this one. This is definitely going to be a breaking change for all current implementers. Just heads up. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then the other one, which is. Some are related would be support for the derivative. I will cross linked this to the other one that we were just discussing SD JWT has registered media types. So you can address this at the same time by just acknowledging either support for those media types or not support for those media types. All right. And then also, or you're the assignment on support for us. Yeah, I think it's probably fine to leave me as that for now. I'm going to cross link to the work item that defines the stuff. And, um, I mean, until we intend to have interoperable testing on this. I don't think there's really an action here. I'm interested if folks want to, like what the relative priority of this versus status list 2021 versus other things might be. My, my vote would be more towards status list 2021. I think. Did my sound call is everyone still there. Yeah, still here. I heard you. I'll leave a comment, something to that effect. I'm going to take care. Okay. All right. Those were the only two. Issues are really stuck out to me as far as media type goes. Just one last call. Is this any other issues that we want to bring up now? Are we okay to go back to the. Normal agenda release recently updated. I'm good to do the normal agenda. I'm going to have to drop. Probably look right now. So, okay. Good luck. All right. We'll do it. We can. All right. Starting with. Looking to removing. So that was mine. I think this was just a call out that we were still using learner and that's really for mono repos with multiple and packages which we don't have. So, it seemed like it wasn't really necessary to continue years using learner. And this was a placeholder to investigate specifically what those changes might be and whether or not. We would break anything by taking it out. Yeah, I think we've made some progress in terms of tipping away at it. I don't. Maybe we could try doing a search and just seeing where else it's still being called. Yeah, I mean, I think this one certainly could be ready for PR. As far as I understand it, it's really not. That big deal, especially since we aren't actually using it. You know, in a critical sense, like we don't actually have multiple. Projects in this repo. So. Yeah, I mean, it's just annoying to go in like surgically remove those kinds of commands from that young. Though that's the main thing on that. Yeah. But yeah, I think we still want to continue. I'm going to work this as great for PR. I think we still want to search and try to continue to surgically remove it. Yeah. I am wondering whether we have the quorum necessary to carry on here. Oh, that's right. Russ, I'll just go ahead and do that. Oh, that's right. I was thinking Russell's here. It's just you and me. And that do you have any opinions? Or are you. I'm here. I don't have strong opinions on it. I don't think we're doing anything controversial, but if you guys don't feel like. Yeah, I would definitely feel better with one more person on. Yeah, the trace vocab is not my area of focus. So. I would also prefer to have additional folks that are working in there to be on the call when we discuss these issues. Okay. Yeah, I'm so much familiar with this side of things more than the interrupt side of things, but. I would prefer to have like this or someone else to balance ideas off of. So I'm not doing weird things. So I go. Yeah, let's call it. All right. Yeah, let's go ahead and go here. Chris, can you post the minutes and do that stuff? Is that okay to. Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Then do I need to hit stop recording and kick everyone? Yep, you need to stop recording. Wait for everyone to leave. And I think probably kick anyone who does it. All right, so I'm going to stop recording now.