 as a regular occurrence. Are we okay to do that for the next little bit at least just to make sure things are lining up pretty well? Especially because last week we had a hiccup with those, right? Or it was the week before, I don't remember. So this is the latest conformance report, and this is the latest inter-off report. On the conformance side looks like measures doing wonderfully, so it's transmute and just one. We're doing a little under 90, which I'm not very happy about, but I know it's all about... I know the source of it and it's not anything that is actually breaking, it's credentialed subject being an array or not validation stuff or I'm not. I don't think it's anything that is worrying in any sense though. On the inter-off side it looks much nicer than a couple of weeks ago. We have the lowest inter-off at 96.2, which is ourselves, which is on credential revocation. Transvenience seems to have gone to 100, so it looks like we're shaping up pretty good overall. Excellent job, guys. This is looking better and better. Let's review the PRs on trace vocab first, and then head back to inter-off. So on the vocab side, sorting by oldest, these are the reports. We have a workflow cleanup from your selfness. This has two approvals and a comment being... Which one are you looking at? This is 855 that I for whatever reason did not like. There you go. All right, why don't we start from the oldest? Do you want to try recording again? Oh, is it running now? It's running now. Okay, perfect, wonderful. I think this is oldest now. Oh, no, I'm sorry. I usually just do new one and pick at the bottom. Sorry, 853 is the oldest. So let's go through that one first. That one is by Russell, and it adds a common import credentials workflow. So this is... I don't think Russell's on the call, so I reviewed this. I don't know if more people have. It looks like just my... I am the only one who reviewed it. So has Ted, but his review was, I believe, on the title and on naming. I have changes requested on it, which is basically that while this seems like a common workflow, it does not actually apply to oil and gas, so I requested that to be removed. And Ori has a comment about the MoTAS report. The number for undefined terms is going up, and that is a little bit concerning. And Ted had a point about the naming. I feel like... Oh, so the naming has been addressed, I think, or no, it has not. So I feel like this could be revisited with Russell after the changes have been implemented, but at the same time, the core of the PR, I personally have no issue with it. So we could merge this out of band. For my change request, if Russell addresses the specific point about oil, and I think actually maybe Ori just did. Or someone just did. No. Okay. I'm a bit confused what's going on, because I don't see it anymore. The oil and gas does everybody... Oh, never mind. It still shows up. Okay. Happy to merge this out of band once Russell addresses that change request, unless anyone has any other comments or anything else that they think should block this PR? I don't want to block this PR per se, but I sort of want to put into people's heads that striving for the fewest words possible in all cases is not a good way to go. And I agree with your request for name change as well. So I think maybe I'll put a caveat of feel free to merge out of band, assuming the name change goes through, and the oil and gas comment goes through. Does that sound fair? I don't mean. Okay. Okay. That is done. Next up is the... Still tech demo, financial requirements. This was super straightforward. Do you want to walk through it? It's out that the application for CMA in portal license, because only the actual license should be presented as part of the workflow. Yeah. And I believe there's a different workflow that has CMA in portal license. So it really doesn't make sense. It has two approvals. I'm going to go ahead and merge this in. And last but not least, we have the workflow cleanup PR. Can I just do want to walk through this again? Yeah. This... We had conflicting... We have multiple places where we defined the terms used for traceable presentations and workflows, which is never a good idea. And in this case, it was definitely not a good idea. So it kind of went along with Ories the way he had structured this, defining these terms at the root terms, which makes sense because it's a little out of the ordinary, these particular classes. So I think it belongs there. That means we can take out the workflow and YAML and the traceable presentation YAML and just point at our main document. The only term I was missing, I didn't have a URI I could point at, was for workflow, which is why I introduced that section with workflows. So now we have a term definitions on our main page and we can just point at that, which is what the root terms does. Do we have a term definition for traceable presentation? Yes. It is in the root terms. Give me a second. Let me try and find it. Okay. So like this does not, this is not a change that, okay, I see it now. We had it twice. I would have already. Fair enough. I think this has. No, here. Please. Nis, if you look at. The page of this PR. When you see the first fix commit. You'll see it's missing bold add ID, which links to. GitHub user Ivan Jakov. Can you share a link, please? I don't know if I can put a screenshot in, but. You. And then your first commit says missing add ID. You didn't escape the ad. So you're painting a user. Oh. Yep. That's it. I had no idea you can do that in a commit message. Actually, I didn't know you can ping users that way. I don't even know if this does ping am or if this just. It does. Well, that's funny. Okay. Is there anything that would block this PR from being merged? Cool. Go ahead and merging it. And then last but not least on the trace interrupt side, we have a single PR. That is. PN number 580 that has been opened for quite a while. And there's been no movement on it. For at least a month. And every week we've. Ping Chris on update. I don't think he's had the chance to do it. Are we okay to either close this PR or do we want to ping Chris again? Saying we will close it in a week if there's no movement. I would do the latter. All right. Done. I think that's all of our PR that we had to address. Trace VOCA week today. I'll just add up pending close on that last one. Sounds good. Let me go ahead and do that. Oh, done. All right. Trace VOCA, at least recently updated issues. Before we tackle them, did anybody want to bring up any specific issue or do they want to talk about a specific topic they want to go through? Or are we good to go through our normal list recently updated flow? Awesome. Let's go with recently updated. We have PR. Sorry, we have issue number 711. This was opened by me. And this was basically the question of do we want to include statusless 2021 in our trace context? This was opened way before the credentials V2 context mentioned any sort of thing about having status list. I don't believe this is still a relevant issue. My understanding is statusless is going to be included in the data integrity context. Is that right? No, it's included in the core V2 context. Okay. All right. Fair enough. We have addressed this and I'm closing it as addressed. Next up, we have the internationalization of GS1 credentials. This is PR number 705. Nis, you raised this and then you picked Paul. Do you want to walk us through it first? Oh, this was there. I think you guys changed to American, didn't you Paul on the GS1 side? Yeah, we did. So I think that that document's been published Nis. Let me just make a note and put a link in here to that version so that this can move on to a PR. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. So we should update the trace vocab representation of the GS1. Okay. Do we know how many credentials are affected roughly? Are we talking about like one or two or we're talking about like maybe three or four? Okay. It's probably all the GS1 credentials. Yeah. Maybe five or six. I mean, it'll depend on how many specific terms, right? Some of them will just not have a term that needs to be changed. Anybody want to. So Paul, would you be able to put that link in and. Okay. All of you can add that reference. That's great. And I'll miss. I'm assigning you to the task preemptively with the assumption that Paul is going to be adding the link. Excellent. Thank you both. Moving forward. We have 596. Sorry. Nis, you only described that? Just I know you're busy with the. Sorry. I'm a little behind. Okay. I'll go ahead and subscribe to start one, which is. On. Great. This was for. So which one are we at now? On 705. Okay. Paul has linked it already. So, Nis, you agreed to take it over, which is the update. Excellent. That is 705. Yeah. Next up we're going to be going to is 596. This was opened by Ben, which is an issue that spawned from a PR. So let's look at the specific PR. The question on this issue is, IDs option on the VC data model for trace vocabulary, which is the data model for trace vocabulary. So we're expecting our connections to be interoperable. We are making ideas required value to all credentials defined in trace vocab. We can make that difference and requirement clear. By definition of our profile, we expect ID to exist in all issued credentials. Now, I believe this is done. Okay. No, but we did have a PR last week where I made IDs mandatory on my 10 credentials, which were just the 10 I was happening to be looking at. But we actually talked about it and agreed that we should do this across the board. And really that's what this is capturing. So let me make a task list on this. We should do this. I'm going to assign one person from each company to go through the specific, their industry specific ones. And that way we can get a head start on most of them. And we'll tackle the common ones after. Does that sound fair? Yes. Any volunteers on the... That's you? Okay. This to tackle one second. I'm sending this to tackle the steel credentials, signing itself to tackle the oil credentials. I don't believe there's anyone from measure on the call. Do we have any? I think it's probably Russell. Okay. Or Russell. I guess Russell's more around. Yeah. And I think it's my impression that Russell is more on the vocab side. Yeah. But what is Russell's handle? Is it R-H-O-Vental, right? Yes. All the Ag credentials. We expect that it required an outcome below. We cannot set it for foreign credentials. GIS1, I agree or I. Paul, question to you. Do GIS1 credentials require ID? Sorry, if you were talking. Yeah. Okay. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to assign Paul for. Sorry, I was on mute. I'm not sure if they're required when they're issued. They all have them in the document states that there is an ID, but I don't know if we have a normative statement there. Would you be able to find that out and then just reply to this issue with. Yeah. Can you give me the number one more time? Yes. This is issue 596. It is if you look in the chat, it's the last link. Yep. Gotcha. Excellent. Paul, what's your GitHub? If you don't mind. Yeah, I'll put it in the chat. Okay. Thank you. To tackle all the GIS1. And are you okay to tackle the GIS1 credentials? Just give us an update on if there's anything there. Thank you. Excellent. So this is 596. It's ready for PR and we can begin. Actually, what I'll do is I'll add check boxes to each of these so that we can check them off when we're done. Just give me a second. What was the markdown for checkbox again? Never mind. Okay. Okay. When I have check boxes, please make sure that you tackle them as you go. Okay. Next up is how can we best make HPS codes. Oh, that. NIST, did you want to make a comment? I haven't heard anything and I haven't like we I was in touch with. No, sorry. Sorry. You wrote a comment and chat. Oh, that was about I was just looking through the T is one spec and I didn't find either for or against, but probably couldn't. Okay. Maybe it's not in there. Okay. So next up is 178. That's what you'll be able to walk us through it. Yes, this was on. I was in touch with. A few people from. What is it? I see us. ITC. And this is. This is about keeping us informed of what they do and whether they have they gained deeper adoption of of linked data. They've been very nice and very supportive, but. I haven't heard anything since last time. So there's no updates. I wonder if it's. Well, I guess we can keep it alive. What would you suggest people do to resolve the issue about. Excellent question. Yeah. Get a straight answer from. ICT whether they. Will accommodate or even a negative that they want. Then we should close the issue. A comedy in one way. So like, what is the clear ask from them? It's are you going to create a Jason of the vocab? Yeah, that was basically the ask. Okay. If they do not provide a Jason vocab, they're going to have a. I'm going to say that. Okay. If they do not provide a Jason vocab style term, is there anything we can do to make internally we are using the exact same format. Or the exact same. Thing, because to my knowledge, we have many HTS. Fields, so then our HTS number and oh, so then our HTS code, so then our HTS or whatever. Yeah. So. First question is, do we want to change it or keep it because some of them reflect the differences in the individual documents, right? So them are the document has HTS and oh, and some of them are the document has HTS code, whatever that is, right? And then on the other question is, do we want to standardize the same term name for it. What I'm ideally what we would get from it is a resolvable way, you give it the HTS code, the 10 digit HTS code, and it comes back and says, stainless steel rods with this amount of copper in it, whatever is the description of that code. That's, that's what we would be what we're asking for here. A term for this is an HTS code in itself. I'm perfectly fine just using our own for that. That works well the way we have it. It's just a stupid string the way we do it now. Yeah, it's just well, my question is, do we want to standardize HTS and no versus HTS code versus HTS, which is whatever. Or do you think it's best to keep that as a reflection of each document. That should on the on the link data side, that should be the same definition. But that's it separate. Yeah, I think that is a question. Last thing I'm reading here was that you followed up with Jimmy at U S I T C. What I do that he's going to link for the link here. Or his comment is you want to suggest enclosing it. Do you think we should close it or you agree? Let's close. Okay. Closing is not actionable. And also I think there are hot mics. Please be careful. No, no problem. Closing number one seven eight. Next up is two zero four. This is me asking a question of what's the difference between measured and quantitative value, right? I believe we've talked about this quite a bit. This is action item is he's going to provide examples of the measurements and then we can move that to a PR with the idea that these this would allow us to standardize and, you know, use one of them, right? Was that a correct reading of it? Miss? Thank you. Oh, I dropped. Yeah. Was that correct reading of the action item here, Nuss? Provide example, measurements for pose. I think we have a duplicate of this ticket. Okay. Okay. Frankly, I think we I'm not sure I've interpreted your question correctly. So, so what your last statement says is provide example of measurements. Then you're going to propose those examples here. Then we can move this to a PR, right? My original question is, what's the difference between a measured value and quantitative value? And when should I use either and do we need both, right? Yes. And if we are keeping both, we really get this, like, we really need to put this somewhere in the doc that explains. Please use this for that, right? Yeah. But we do we do that with Jason schemas. So when I read your original question, I very much agree on that. I think I've been deviating. I don't I think I'm often a wrong track with what I'm then. Where I'm going. Oh. Your last thing was you wanted to change the measure, the value to measurement, right, which I think is a very fair point. Yeah. But we need to figure out what to use when, right? Yeah. Or do we want to just say that's not a thing we want to advise on in the first place? I personally, if if I'm confused about this, anybody who's going to use this is also going to be confused about this, especially if it's someone who's using, you know, is new to this. So I feel like we want to have at least one sentence somewhere. But I'm not sure. Does that make sense? Yeah. I don't think it's a sentence we need. I really struggled to take notes and talk. I apologize. I don't think it's a sentence we want. I think it's it's Jason schemas consistently defining what should be provided, which we do all over the place. I, I agree with the original statement that we're probably not aware of which one we're picking. So I think it's rather a case of go through and make sure that when you actually have a measurement, use the measurement class when you have a. Quantity use the quantity class. I think that's what this really is. And then we've, we've deviated and talk about precision of measurements, which wasn't your intent, your original intent. That's how I kind of read this. So the answer to the original question is if you have something that is being measured, use measurement. And then you have something that is just a quantity of a thing, use quantitative value. Is that that's your? Yeah, that's what I would say. Okay. So it should be defined with Jason schema. On call. If you have, so I'm just going to write down your point because that addresses the actual question. Okay, measurement. One computer lawyer. Now, on the measurement moving from measured value to measurement, I think that's a separate question. Now that my question is answered, do you want to. Keep moving with moving measured value to measurement. Oh, for sure. Yes, we should. It's an it's state to provide a quantity to value if it's a mission value. Well, no, no. So what you said is you want to just remove the concept of measured value and replace it with measurement as defined in the UN. Okay. No, no, that's what you had is your second to last comment. Yeah, I think I'm just going to give myself a thumbs down on that idea. Okay. So then we're happy to close this. Yeah. Yes. Why not? Okay. Closing it as answered. Next up is three, five, seven. And I know we're zooming today, but I think we should do maybe two or three more and then call it because I think our number is dwindling. This is pair credential with their supporting documents. Earlier to number 300 and the intention here is to have examples, paper or fashion analog examples alongside the JSON examples for business context. And it's a scripting request for scripting update PR. Okay. Last thing this has is I would just ping them to Ben is assigned. Yeah. So I'm going to ask Ben if there's any updates on this. And if there aren't, we can keep going forward. But this is still a very relevant thing, which is please add documents. Okay. Excellent. Next up, clearly defined revocation and suspension. This is six hundred and seven. The requirements are use status is 21 one and then use the status change connection type, which is not exist. Which exposure to the start change status. So. This is the point of this is how can I distinguish between. A suspension and the revocation and they need to be defined. I wrote down some requirements that need to happen. And then. Noted the delta between those and set us as 2021. Ben noted that we need more people to answer are these requirements being met by set us as 2021. And then if not, are there other methods? I am going to ping or a to see if he has any knowledge of this, Mike as well. Do you know of any other methods or ways of. Gathering these requirements and seeing. Is my read on status is 21 accurate. And I think thinking man who might be a good. Point of this as well. I think he's also is the one of the clothes on. That's 21. Maybe a good way was just paying those. Right. So. That's Dave long way as well. Do you. Does anyone have anything that the can weigh on this. Well, I, I think it's the correct interpretation, but I might just be. World in on the same bad assumption. Everyone is. Yeah. Capabilities and if they're. Satisfied those. Special. I think that's a good way of progressing this issue forward. Are there labels we can do for this, Mike asks or something. Question. I think there's a question there's a question label excellent. All right. Let's do two more. Does that sound okay with everyone? All right. There's one that is for me. Which was we should have a workflow that. Uses events right now. We do not use we do not create any workflow that utilizes any events. All workflows. Assume only documents right. While this is ready for PR. I am holding off on merging this or like. On addressing this. Because I am waiting on some confirmation from. Industry on some specific events. And if I write a PR now for a work for example. I know it will change and it will not be nowhere near accurate. I feel like a PR now will just add confusion rather than. Help. But maybe Paul if you have any. Example workflows that you think would be a good idea to. That show upsets events that you think this is a good. Sample workflow. That is something that occurs regularly in the industry or something similar. Yes, that's supposed to kind of correlate with what we're doing for steel. Gas, econ, understand food. Yeah, anything along those lines. So it's just a workflow that uses. That shows across any vertical really the point of it is. This is how you would use upsets events in a workflow, right? Yes, definitely. Would you be able to take this? Yeah, okay. I'm going to go ahead and say transferring this to. Paul. To provide a sample workflow that utilizes. And then I'm going to assign Paul to this. I don't think I can assign you because you haven't commented on the issue. So if you could just comment at all on the issue, I can assign it to you. And thank you. And then last thing we're going to be talking about today is. Issue number. 527. Which is how do you handle one off in the Jason schema to Jason of the context code. Ben says we need to update the reason of the processor to support one off from Jason's kind of functionality. Or he said on the call we discussed how domain arrangement be relevant to one off this was over a year ago. Do we have a latest on this? To do a minimum reproduction. How about using enums? I think the issue here is how we generate the context. Right? No. Yeah. It is. Because right now we don't like we just do not support one off at all. It's a tooling issue and this is we should improve our tooling. Ben is saying that the ambition of one off is already possible with the current tooling just not with the syntax already suggested. Suggest as we have with the properties of the current tools and we can provide a kind of situation with the situation we needed. So let me see what his suggestion is. I would want to highlight it's suggestion. This is. Those. RDFs terms that's and that's what you typically use for this. As you define. So maybe I could ask for as an action item for an actual example or where of how you would go about doing this because I don't think I understand how you'd be defining. Like does the Jason schema look like that? I code global location number one that Ben is proposing at the end. Is that what we're talking about? Would that automatically create the range and the main? No, no, no, no, it doesn't. IDFS is an ontology in itself for describing the situations. So what would we need to do to actually accommodate this? I think Ben's thing misses that one of doesn't allow you to do both right? To my knowledge, Jason's given one of allows you to do actually just one of both of them. And the solution that he's proposing does not. Block both right? But it you don't you don't block on context. You would block on Jason's. So let me just ask Ben to confirm. We use current. We we we are able to define one of. As. I'm sorry. And it will generate a context with both terms defined in it. And you would rely on the Jason schema. To enforce the only one shows up. Right? Yeah. In a. I think if you do that, that means that. There's no way to enforce this on a context level to my understanding, right? I'm ticked level. No, not in my knowledge either. I mean, I will pretend I'm I know all the text. Yeah, available, but. Ted, do you know if there's a way to do this on from a context. Way that you could. To do which to generate a context that enforces one of what does that really look like? There's nothing that actually enforces RDF is very open. So like a schema definition is it's descriptive, but it is not prescriptive. It's not like a relational database schema. So, so there's really no way to limit a credential coming in that has two of these properties when it really should have one other than a separate. You can't do that on the process. Basically, you feed your ontology to a shackle engine. And the shackle is about saying this is what you can have in here. And it'll error out if it if it contains something that's not in that. But that's. That's not actually something on the context side that we're generating, right? That's something that you would need to do. Okay. All right. Well, then I'm going to make my. If that is true, we can close this. Excellent. And I believe that is the last. Thing we were going to talk about today. Should we label it pending close? I think we should. And maybe one of the things we could start doing at the start of the week is just going through the pending closes at the beginning of the. Review. That way we can actually. Or maybe we can, instead of doing least recently updated, we start with the tagged ones, right? Things with a label. Either pending close or ready for PR or something. So we can actually get things moving faster. Yeah. Is that work for you? Yeah. Okay. Figure out which one you want to do and put the new URL to the scanning agenda. And that'll make it easy. Do you guys prefer doing. We review things with a label first. Or. Well, depending on the label. We can. Well, I mean, we can do either ready for PR as a review at the very beginning. And then pending close. And then we do the rest of the things. Right. I don't think you can do that. With a, it doesn't sort by label. You can filter by label. Yeah, you can filter by label, but I don't think you can sort by label. How about before we make drastic. Yeah. Procedural changes. Try it out next time. Special one off and see how it works. And if we like it, we can kind of. I'm on board with. Okay. Let's give that a shot next week. And I think that's all we have. Thank you guys for your time. And have a wonderful rest of your week. If we don't talk. Thanks. A quick thing that I learned recently that it'll be useful. It's applicable to. Well, it's applicable to the listing that I already moved out of the way. There it is. Issue of 47. About sample data. It's a painful thing for humans to do, but it turns out that chat GPT can actually be told. He hears an ontology generate some sample data. That's nice. Yeah. Would you mind linking the issue? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Would you mind linking the issue? I read it into but one second. Here's 47. 47. Oh, 47. Oh, 42. Yeah, I was confused. Oh, four to seven. This is wonderful. Is it really, really small? Smallish documents, but you can do it. Okay. This is really, really good. Thank you, Ted. And what do you give it in terms of ontology? How do we like what is the ontology that you feed this from trace vocab? Well, are we building one effectively? Yeah. Yeah. If there's a turtle file or a bunch of turtle files that are interconnected. The precise language that you use with it is a little hinky and kind of have to poke around and figure out what words work better. A lot of a lot of stuff is out there. Google searches are wonderful things as usual. Because people have been experimenting and their experiments are out there to be found. Hmm. I found that splitter like yesterday, the day before and I was just doing a really stupid exercise. This makes it way easier. Yeah, I think this is pretty, pretty good. Well, thank you. I wonder if you could give it a full yaml file with. Our big. It would know our specific term tagging, but it would understand our Jason schema for sure. I mean, well, you could do because we have our small yaml files for everything already, right? You wouldn't need to do like anything that doesn't link to other files should be super straightforward. And anything that does link to other files is just make sure to include those first because, you know, it does retain that context anyway, right? Which is back to the inlining that we have. Yeah, so it might make it a lot easier anyway. Yeah, and you can do it either way that the thing I was working with the other day was an SVG file, which was quite huge and filled with lots of white space and stuff and. I broke out all the white space and got rid of that. But it was still giant. And so I did need to go through the splitter anyway. But once I got it in, it did what I wanted, which was generate a plain text description of the visualization produced by the scene file. So anyway, yeah, thank you for sharing. That's wonderful. That'll make life much easier. Nis, are you able to upload today? I think it was really host. I can't do it. I don't know if that's how that works. I think you can. As long as I'm happy to do it, if I can. You can't. As long as I wrap up the recording and then I'll go ahead and upload the minutes. No problem. Thank you. Thank you both. All right. See you. Bye. Bye.